Psalm 50 a psalm of Asaph the mighty one
God the Lord has spoken and called the
earth from the rising of the Sun to its
going down out of Zion the perfection of
beauty God will shine forth our God
shall come and shall not keep silent a
fire shall devour before him and it
shall be very tempestuous all around him
he shall call to the heavens from above
and to the earth that he may judge his
people gather my Saints together to me
those who have made a covenant with me
by sacrifice let the heavens declare his
righteousness for god himself is judge
here all my people and I will speak O
Israel and I will testify against you I
am God your God I will not rebuke you
for your sacrifices or your burnt
offerings which are continually before
me I will not take a bull from your
house nor goats out of your folds for
every beast of the forest is mine and
the cattle on a Thousand Hills I know
all the birds of the mountains and the
wild beasts of the field are mine
if I were hungry I would not tell you
for the world is mine and all its
fullness will I eat the flesh of bulls
or drink the blood of goats offer to God
Thanksgiving and pay your vows to the
Most High call upon me in the day of
trouble I will deliver you and you shall
glorify me but to the wicked God says
what right have you to declare my
statutes or take my covenant in your
mouth seeing you hate instruction and
cast my words behind you when you saw a
thief you consented with him and have
been a partaker with adulterers you give
your mouth to evil and your tongue
frames deceit you sit and speak against
your brother you slander your own
mother's son these things you have done
and I kept silent you thought that I was
altogether like you but I will rebuke
you and set them in order before your
eyes now consider this you who forget
God lest I tear you in pieces and there
be none to deliver whoever offers praise
glorifies me and to him who orders his
conduct aright I will show the salvation
of God
[Music]